Let Na Nuyin say that this Junzhu is not punishing people, but performing dharma with men in Lis.
What's going on in this book? Why hasn't there been any movement after so long? Here Wang Weifei monitors and accuses
The princess is not dead, so I emphasized that it is something else going on at this time. What do you think?
Everyone in Sun Taiyin hopes that the princess can come back to life, why do you do the opposite?
Shut up! Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Please come and promise that many of the masters have died.
I'm not brave enough to match you